[Music]
welcome to the breakdown will we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] today we
were checking out Gazoo or ox-head a
surreal like film directed by Takashi
Miike who also directed each of the
killer audition and visitor queue so
this movie is weird
like literally unexplainable it's
literally almost up there with
Eraserhead in terms of just weirdness
but it's about our Yakuza member named
Minami who is tasked to murder and
dispose of his mentor named Ozaki
everything after that is just weird so
I'll let you guys see for yourself oh
and before we start I got a comment
awhile ago saying damn this dude talked
too much
whyyy nere everything you know what okay
I won't talk I'll just I'll stop
narrating because you know I talk too
much so let's get to the breakdown how
the [ __ ] you gonna know what happens if
I don't talk dumbass things sometimes
for me I'll just be dumb way in a bag of
rocks okay rewind back to the beginning
the movie starts off with this weird
video with distorted voices being
watched over by this guy Ozaki and some
more ugly as ya Cuza members then the
big boss comes in getting the respect he
deserves
but Ozaki here gets triggers saying to
woman play with a cute little doggy back
to the meeting Ozaki grabs boss and
asked him if he saw that doggy out there
boss gets up to look and I was like he
says that this dog is a Yakuza dog
trained to kill Yakuza yeah I mean wow
he looks like the most dangerous doggy
ever right
just like how intimidating he looks hey
wait why are you walking out why are you
open to the door why are you going to
live why don't you grab the dog pause
okay pause sorry guys but this is your
warning the dog will be brutally killed
probably the most disturbing animal
death I've seen ever other than the devs
on Cannibal Holocaust it's not a real
dog but still is very brutal how this
dog
so that you don't want to see it click
on the time post it on-screen
I'm serious y'all play Ozaki grabs the
dog and Slim's him violently on the
ground multiple times as he cries out he
then throws it against the wall and then
with this leash he throws it towards the
window
Ozaki watches on smiling as the blood
triggers down and then title screen then
we see Ozaki on a long road trip driven
by the real man character ozaki's
protege named Minami once they stop
somewhere Ozaki is like hey Nami don't
you think it's weird the boss wants me
to go out this way but Minami as too
nervous to share his opinion just like
Ozaki has a target on his head and
Minami is taking the hit secretly once
the rock continues Ozaki notices that
they are being followed and they stopped
the car both getting into cover you know
what I was like he says his weird-ass
says that car is a Yakuza car designed
to run over Yakuza me enemies like boss
is just a regular car with a regular ass
woman driving but Ozaki ignores this
runs to the car aims his gun and the
creepy is driver ever a woman smiling
with a bloody nose looks right at him
right before he shoots me not me hits
him in the head and he has passed out
Minami then caused the boss who confirms
he called to hit on Ozaki and wants him
dead and disposed by his own protege
why because Ozaki is crazy as hell well
the disposal site is in Nagoya and
Minami continues to drive but brakes
suddenly when he realizes there is no
more roll left this makes those Aki hit
his head really hard killing him
worth Ozaki dead Minami drives to a
payphone when his phone has no signal
but it doesn't work until there starts
ringing on his own like it's a GTA 3
mission y'all only get that reference
but he didn't walk into a restaurant I
guess to figure out what he's gonna do
in the restaurant we got a weird on the
phone talking to somebody about how the
weather is cold today but it was warm
yesterday then these three weird-looking
people say welcome in unison Minami sits
down and those three weirdos come
forward
wait still wearing a bra hold on all
three of them are crossdressers they
gave him some coffee and some chicken
custard but I would
a nothing looking exactly like that out
of a place like this Minami tears that
custard up but sees an old man asking if
he's from Nagoya but then he starts
convulsing throwing up in the toilet
meanwhile Minami looks out to see
ozaki's gone looks like either someone
stole his body or he just got up and
walked away Minami calls the boss about
the missing body but the boss is having
sexual intercourse with his damn
spooling up his but that's not all
because the crossdresser over here seems
to be doing some type of masturbation as
well the boss tells the driver you need
to find the shiroyama group who can help
find that body and then the call ends is
the crossdresser shares an orgasm with
the woman on the phone Minami then
drives around looking for him he's been
talking to this cop from Hong Kong but
you know y'all cuza don't mess with cops
when he asked too many questions so a no
plan he gets in this car driving away
but something tears his tired getting
the attention of this man who was
probably born with some pigment defect
his words not mine
this man named nose 8 takes Minami to a
junkyard that helped him find a tire but
out of sheer coincidence is where the
shiroyama group is located which is what
nosy and his boss man here's a part of
boss man says we will help fire those
Aki but first you gotta answer my
question and if you get it wrong you
will lose something extremely important
from you the question is what passes by
but doesn't move he's got 30 seconds to
answer but knows a skills like a hold 10
seconds unfairly but luckily that was a
hint on his own
the answer is time time passes but
doesn't move so looks like Minami has
some help in the form of nose a nose a
takes him to an end holding minami's
hand like he's a damn baby the end is
owned by this creepy man and his sister
this old lady who jump scares both
visitors there's only one room left but
from the siblings weird antics it seems
like this room might be haunted the
sister then tells Minami that dinner
will be ready soon so how about you go
take a bath while he bathes the woman
watches and then even lets herself in
demanding to rub his back clean and even
compliments him on how big he is down
there oh no I know she's being nice but
she then asked aren't my breasts big too
she even shows him that these puppies
are still filled with milk like a damn
goat she didn't ask
he wants to drink it but he says he'll
know making a woman walk out all sad
about being normally rejected like this
pause you know you can find this whole
scene on YouTube and it's some weirdos
in the Congress these weirdos in the
coming to be saying [ __ ] like he should
have been her over and just pounded her
just another week just another reason to
not like you to comment y'all just so
weird after dinner
minami sees the ceiling is leaking
please don't tell me that's titty milk
coming up there suddenly we see a
flashback world Zaki wants to see the
results of Minami foreskin operation
gross but then he gives him some panties
with a hole in him so he can have sex
with a girl without her having to at
least move into the side looks like that
was some kind of dream but we see that
those panties are now in his hand and
there's a big bowl of milk in front of
them including a fool for like three
people then Minami and knows they go to
that weird restaurateur a coffee place
again and those a gets up to ask those
weird guys if they seen someone who
looked like Ozaki they recognize nosey
is somebody from primary school and
those eight ELLs are waiting Minami that
he's on his own now I never want to help
you anyway this town is really really
weird you see that boy in the back
probably drinking titty milk or Sun
while chilling a paper airplane reaches
him it's from nose a telling him to wait
out there well he don't wait because we
see him talking to the motel owners
about Ozaki the woman adds if he thinks
a psychic like a medium can help because
her brother here is one the woman has a
weird way to call for spirits hoping to
eggs then world's Aki is but she tries
to get them spirits to inhabit her
brother's body by whipping him this is
just making her look damn crazy and the
brother reveals I know damn medium yes
she's pretty crazy trying to whip her
brother into a psyche but something more
crazy is that nose a somehow teleported
inside saying he feared the two men at
the coffee shop then Jose says that the
ball crossdresser is actually supposed
to be dead from a car accident three
years ago speaking of that crossdresser
he's in the bathroom farting and
[ __ ]
screaming and [ __ ] right in front of
him
most importantly no they found out that
Ozaki might have visited this rice shop
and also this store where Minami
inquires Iggy Azalea here in our
Japanese husband to see if they'd seen
Ozaki see how she's looking up she's
reading an entire script about singing
Ozaki
it's literally the most irrationally
awkward thing ever but she says Ozaki is
staying at a motel ran by two siblings
so Ozaki has been staying right next to
Minami and he didn't even know well
Minami runs to the end
finding the owners working with milk
bottles milk that comes from the titties
of that woman he angrily asked if they
got another customer apart from him last
night but she ignores him to fill up
that bottle eventually give eventually
giving him a milk facial looks like
Ozaki left without paying
but Minami asked to sleep there just in
case Ozaki comes back well later he has
a nightmare where he razor to this
creature the Ox head
aka goes ooh he's salami from the mouth
giving him a note he then licking him
all over the face we even see on the
side that the brother is getting breast
fed by his own sister well nightmare
over but like the conclusion of this
last dream he's holding the item he
attained from that dream a note from
Ozaki we says I'm waiting for you at the
disposal site damn I forgot all about
that [ __ ]
but Minami races to the disposal site
but instead of Ozaki he sees two people
who dispose of bodies by crushing them
or also literally skinning them around
they say yeah Ozaki was here he was a
dead body on our doorstep so we just
scanned him in fact huge his skin right
here
well looks like Ozaki was dead and
disposed of but here's something even
weirder guys a woman teleports them to
manami's car guess who that woman is
it's Ozaki she tells me not me this and
of course he's like not a chance
but she provides proof by revealing
information on the Ozaki window since
she's talking about the foreskin
operation head and reveals that she
knows Minami is still a virgin
use the pic of mating dogs to masturbate
once and also has an urge
all of his pubic hair all stuff only
Ozaki would know why would you tell him
that [ __ ] weirdo not the version part
just everything else so just to make
sure we're on the same page
Ozaki this guy the guy who killed the
dog and everything and who died after
getting hit on the head somehow is now
this woman there is no explanation
well Minami believes it now I guess but
how about you asked how the hell did he
become a whole new human being Minami
stop some way to tell the boss that
Ozaki has been disposed of but Ozaki
seems to be a little [ __ ] getting in
with a man just because he acts Minami
drags her away and they stop at a hotel
you know Zaki ass I mean Nami wants to
sleep with her once she asleep Minami
here's a weird noise coming from her
privates he lives her gallon up hearing
it loud and clear
but then she wakes up asking if he
trying to get nasty tonight Ozaki really
wants a Minami inside of her and she
kind of almost seduces him too the next
morning Minami thinks it's a good idea
to tell his whole game that Ozaki is now
a woman but that makes him look crazy as
hell
then Ozaki comes in but pretends to be
some woman named sake ko and you know
the boss loves the woman so he's really
just trying to get into ozaki's panties
he brings Ozaki to his pad and looks
like they're about to have sex boss goes
to get a spoon and stick up his butt
because supposedly without it he can't
get it up unless his up the butt this is
weird but meanwhile Minami is Nathan
Drake in his way up the boss's ability
luckily for him boss saves him from
falling but Minami says that he won't
give his mentor to anybody
he's meant to her being Ozaki they get
into a fight and after a punch to the
face milk
drips out of his butt I hope that's milk
but then he falls on a spoon which goes
deeper into the boss
we then see them riding around
supposedly now Minami is a thing with
his old mentor who turned into a woman
yeah well looks like he's about to have
sex with Ozaki who welcomes his hyung
protege it's an awkward scene where she
just admires his
I don't know length but he finishes way
too quickly then things get really weird
mean Ami's penis seems to be stuck
inside of her hell he is dragging her
all over the damn wing just to get it
out now that was what I call scary
what's going on is a hand is grabbing
manami's wee-wee I can't show much of it
but it's definitely nasty the hand goes
right back in and a head comes out whose
head ozaki's male head looking all
around and cry like a baby he makes it
like half way out looking all gross but
then he literally pops right out and we
see that the female Ozaukee is literally
drained
luckily for female Ozaukee she is healed
when she gets into a bath and the movie
ends as we see minami female Ozaukee in
male Ozaukee walking together and then
we just get this creepy ass laugh the
subtitles during the credits say we
don't condone any animal violence but we
do condone violence against each of the
killer and record button jockeys I don't
know don't ask but wait gum oh is that a
shout out or something speaking of gum
Oh guys has been deleted but I'm
remaking that video and it should be up
next week so I'm just saying well that
was weird as hell but now that we got
through that right let's talk about the
mostess third moment and most enjoy a
moment in that spooky stuff
[Music]
okay so my guess is you go right into it
you know the mostest thermoman is easy
for me at least the murder of a cute
innocent puppy it was probably the most
evil thing that happened in the whole
movie everything else was just weirdness
you know most enjoy a moment is probably
the end I mean like it was a long-ass
movie and let's beyond it's like damn
near three hours long and that's it
hope you guys enjoyed this video and
make sure you like the video let me know
and if you're new click on that pretty
spooky rice logo to subscribe today
here's another takashi miike video easy
to killer thanks for watching
spooky out